So this is Posit Team. We're going to start up here at the top with the data scientists,
the data analysts, the folks that are actually writing code. And many times their job is to
create insights and to share those insights. So let's start by going to the left here and
creating insights. They're going to be writing code. They can use R, Python, they can use whatever
IDE they want, either RStudio, JupyterLab, Jupyter Notebooks, VS Code, all within Posit Workbench.
So Posit Workbench is our server-based implementation of the various IDEs.
And your data scientists are writing code, again, in whatever language they want.
So if you're within R, they might be creating things like Shiny applications,
pins, R Markdown, Plumber. But if they're Python developers, they might be creating things like
Flask or FastAPI, Streamlit, Dash, Bokeh applications, Jupyter Notebooks.
Maybe they're also creating Quarto documents, which is one of our newest tools.
So when they create content like this, it doesn't do anyone any good if you can't share it with the
people that need to see it. And that's the whole purpose of Posit Connect, our second tool within
Posit Team. This is our professional publishing platform. And this makes it super easy to share
all the cool content you see here with the people that need to see it, like your boss, decision
makers, maybe yourself, maybe your friends or family. You can share it with Posit Connect.
So for today's session, we're primarily going to live within Posit Workbench and Posit Connect.
But there's also one other tool we'll touch upon today, and that's Posit Package Manager.
And it does pretty much as its name implies. It helps control all those great open source
packages within R and Python. Also, any packages you've created yourself within Workbench and
Connect. And so we'll talk about all three of these tools today that, again, round out Posit Team.
Thank you.